# Intersector App Built in Python

This intersector app is built with Python. UI componenent is provided by [streamlit library](https://streamlit.io/), a Python based UI library. 

**There is two version of the desgin**: the main branch host a simpler design that sovles the problem and doesn't introduce many OOP concept. The `dev_oop` branch hosts a more object-oriented design that's more robust for extension, if there is further extension of the business logics or requirments. But if the business logic and specification doesn't change, this branch should do the job.

The structure of the repo is displayed in the README section of two branches. Thus, the README section differs. The instruction to run the app is the same.

The structure of the main branch looks like the following. 


```
Intersector
├── docker-compose.yml
├── Dockerfile
├── README.md
├── requirements.txt
└── src
    ├── app.py
    ├── Core
    │   ├── __init__.py
    │   ├── conftest.py
    │   ├── Tests
    │   └── two_collection_intersector.py
    └── Tests
        └── test_app.py
```

## To run the app

First clone the git repository

```
git clone git@github.com:shirzartenwer/Intersector.git
cd OptravisHomework
```

### first option

Then to run the app, they easiest option is to 
```
docker compose up
```
### second option
If you have VScode, then do:

```
code .
```

Then `ctrl/cmd + shift + P` and open this repo in `devcontainer`. 
Then do 
```
streamlit run src/app.py
``` 
to run the app. 



## Run tests and see test coverage
Open this code repo in `devcontainer` in VScode. Then run 
```
pytest
```

To see the test coverage run: 

```
coverage report 
```


## Disclaimer

On the main branch, since this app uses standard UI component provided by streamlit, some of the default behavior of these UI component is not explicitly tested in this repo. 

For example, when a number smaller or bigger than threshold is given into the input field as the size of the collections, there will be a pop up warning window generated by streamlit. But the way to access this window is not exposed via the UI componnet. So this behavior is not explicitly tested in this repo, but relies on streamlit's own testing of its own library components.


But this is then tested on the `dev_oop`branch for robustness and extendability.
